Game: Invasodado - The Cube Invaders
Developers: Corundum Games
Web: www.corundumgames.com
Contact: Jesse Talavera-Greenberg (director@corundumgames.com)

"SPACE INVADERS" AND "COLUMNS" MARRY, HAVE HEALTHY 17MB CHILD

Nine months ago, we set up an invite-only mixer for single retro games, kind of
like a speed-dating thing.  Most of the games invited were still getting over
some rather nasty divorce or separation issues.  It was a nice learning
experience (Dear Lord, does Custer's Revenge have baggage), but it turned out to
be something of a bust.

For the most part.

Space Invaders and Columns, as it turns out, were destined for each other.  Fast
forward to June 2013, and their first child is born.  Much rejoicing and alcohol
was had.  The baby was hence christened "Invasodado."

So all right, you've got the usual Earth defense routine, what with the space
ship and the aliens and the danger.  This particular breed, however, leaves
behind a rather strange and inconvenient mess behind; upon death, they turn into
colored blocks that must be matched in threes (or more) to clear!  If you don't,
the stage will overflow, you'll die, and we will forever look upon you in shame.

CAN YOU PROTECT THE EARTH FROM A FABULOUS DOOM?

FEATURES:

- It's free and open source!
- It runs on Windows and Linux!  (Mac version coming soon, too.)
- You won't get a venereal disease!
- The music's really cool!
- It has online high scores!
- It's in English and Spanish!  (More languages on the way, too.)
- It's color-blind friendly!
- It's got three gameplay modes!
- From the guys who made...well, actually, this is the first thing we've made.
- But unless you hate our guts, this won't be our last!
- On the other hand, even if you do, we'll make something else anyway, because
  we're really stubborn.

ABOUT CORUNDUM GAMES

Corundum Games is an independent game studio based near the New York
metropolitan area, tended to and cared for by people who should be studying for
statistics exams.  Our goal is to make something that tickles your retro-gaming
fancy, with a dash of humor here and there and some liberally-applied fair use.

USEFUL LINKS:
Home Page: www.corundumgames.com
Twitter: @CorundumGames
GitHub: https://github.com/CorundumGames
